-- Uncomment one of these queries and use "Test Run" to run it.
-- You'll see the results below.  Then try your own queries as well!

-- select max(name) from animals;

-- select * from animals limit 10;

-- select * from animals where species = 'orangutan' order by birthdate;

-- select name from animals where species = 'orangutan' order by birthdate desc;

-- select name, birthdate from animals order by name limit 10 offset 20;

-- select species, min(birthdate) from animals group by species;

-- select name, count(*) as num from animals
-- group by name
-- order by num desc
-- limit 5;

https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud197/lessons/3423258756/concepts/33885287060923

Here are the new select clauses introduced in the previous video:

... limit count
Return just the first count rows of the result table.

... limit count offset skip
Return count rows starting after the first skip rows.

... order by columns
... order by columns desc
Sort the rows using the columns (one or more, separated by commas) as the sort key.
Numerical columns will be sorted in numerical order; string columns in alphabetical order.
With desc, the order is reversed (desc-ending order).

... group by columns
Change the behavior of aggregations such as max, count, and sum. With group by,
the aggregation will return one row for each distinct value in columns.


Select clauses
These are all the select clauses we've seen in the lesson so far.

where
The where clause expresses restrictions — filtering a table for rows that follow a particular rule.
where supports equalities, inequalities, and boolean operators (among other things):
where species = 'gorilla' — return only rows that have 'gorilla' as the value of the species column.
where name >= 'George' — return only rows where the name column is alphabetically after 'George'.
where species != 'gorilla' and name != 'George' — return only rows where species isn't 'gorilla'
and name isn't 'George'.

limit / offset
The limit clause sets a limit on how many rows to return in the result table. The optional offset
clause says how far to skip ahead into the results. So limit 10 offset 100 will return 10 results
starting with the 101st.

order by
The order by clause tells the database how to sort the results — usually according to one or more
columns. So order by species, name says to sort results first by the species column, then by name
within each species.
Ordering happens before limit/offset, so you can use them together to extract pages of alphabetized
results. (Think of the pages of a dictionary.)

The optional desc modifier tells the database to order results in descending order — for instance
from large numbers to small ones, or from Z to A.

group by
The group by clause is only used with aggregations, such as max or sum. Without a group by clause,
a select statement with an aggregation will aggregate over the whole selected table(s), returning
only one row. With a group by clause, it will return one row for each distinct value of the column
or expression in the group by clause.
